installing/cloud/aws-ec2: add terraform docs (#229)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/installing/cloud/aws-ec2.md

}

variable "cluster_name" {
  type        = string
  description = "Cluster name used as prefix for the machine names"
}

variable "ssh_keys" {
  type        = list(string)
  description = "SSH public keys for user 'core'"
}

variable "aws_region" {
  type        = string
  default     = "us-east-2"
  description = "AWS Region to use for running the machine"
}

variable "instance_type" {
  type        = string
  default     = "t3.medium"
  description = "Instance type for the machine"
}

variable "vpc_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "172.16.0.0/16"
}

variable "subnet_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "172.16.10.0/24"
}
```

An `outputs.tf` file shows the resulting IP addresses:

```
output "ip-addresses" {
  value = {
    for key in var.machines :
    "${var.cluster_name}-${key}" => aws_instance.machine[key].public_ip
  }
}
```

Now you can use the module by declaring the variables and a Container Linux Configuration for a machine.
First create a `terraform.tfvars` file with your settings:

```
cluster_name           = "mycluster"
machines               = ["mynode"]
ssh_keys               = ["ssh-rsa AA... me@mail.net"]
```

> The machine name listed in the `machines` variable is used to retrieve the corresponding [Container Linux Config](https://kinvolk.io/docs/flatcar-container-linux/latest/container-linux-config-transpiler/configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The machine name listed in the `machines` variable is used to retrieve the corresponding [Container Linux Config](https://www.flatcar.org/docs/latest/provisioning/cl-config/).
```

For example, create the configuration for `mynode` in the file `machine-mynode.yaml.tmpl` (The SSH key used there is not really necessary since we already set it as VM attribute):

```yaml
---
passwd:
  users:
    - name: core
      ssh_authorized_keys: ${ssh_keys}
storage:
  files:
    - path: /home/core/works
      filesystem: root
      mode: 0755
      contents:
        inline: |
          #!/bin/bash
          set -euo pipefail
           # This script demonstrates how templating and variable substitution works when using Terraform templates for Container Linux Configs.
          hostname="$(hostname)"
          echo My name is ${name} and the hostname is $${hostname}
```

Finally, run Terraform v0.13 as follows to create the machine:

```
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=...
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=...
terraform init
terraform apply
```

Log in via `ssh core@IPADDRESS` with the printed IP address (maybe add `-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no -o UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null`).

When you make a change to `machine-mynode.yaml.tmpl` and run `terraform apply` again, the machine will be replaced.

> You can find this Terraform module in the repository for [Flatcar Terraform examples](https://github.com/kinvolk/flatcar-terraform/tree/main/aws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find this Terraform module in the repository for [Flatcar Terraform examples](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/flatcar-terraform/tree/main/aws).
```
